1. Housing:
On traditional college campuses, some dorms and apartments are being built to support sustainability. For example, the use of solar panels, passive lighting, and 
reclaimed wood are just a few initiatives that are literally and figuratively changing the landscape.

2. Environmental Degrees:
Students can enroll in programs dedicated to these efforts by studying subjects like Environmental Humanities or Environmental Science.

3. Sustainable Curriculum:
 Even if you don’t feel like majoring in one of the aforementioned areas, there are electives you can take to become more educated on the subject matter.

4. Green Buildings:
 Organizations that govern infrastructure can provide ratings on how green a building is. LEED certification measures how environmentally friendly a 
 building is. This is especially useful for students who attend online college to know, so that when they choose where to reside, they can be aware of the 
 building’s status.
 
5. Alternative Transportation:
 Ever think about how much waste transportation causes due to the gases being emitted into the environment? Simply walking from point A to point B or 
 riding a bike helps lessen the emissions.

 6. Shuttle:
For college students, you can take shuttles or carpool to get to campus to also help lessen the emissions and pollution.

7. Recycling and Composting:
So much waste can be reused and re-purposed, including scraps of food which can be used as compost for gardens and farms.

8. Refill Stations:
Rather than buying plastic water bottles, you can use a reusable water bottle and keep refilling it at refill stations. If your campus doesn’t
have enough of these, urge administration to get on board!

9. Reimbursements:
One idea to reduce waste is to create an incentive program. For example, some campuses offer money back for students who bring their own 
reusable utensils or cups.

10. Organic Farming:
Campuses with a lot of space can start their own farms! That way, students can play an active role in growing their own food and decreasing the 
transportation costs/wastes of sourcing food.

11. Boycott Companies:
Companies that dispute climate change work against solving the problem and they help to spread misinformation. If you know a company is against making changes, 
stop supporting them.

12. Packaging and Bags:
Whenever possible, buy products with less packaging or reusable packaging. Every time you go to a store, have a reusable bag handy so that you don’t need 
to use a plastic or paper bag.

13. Water Usage Awareness:
When washing dishes, only keep the water on when you need it. Most people waste a lot of water and are unaware of how much they are wasting. Be mindful of your 
water usage by taking shorter showers, turn off the water while brushing your teeth, etc.

14. Shop Smart:
Buy organic and fair-trade products whenever possible. These companies support helping to reduce waste in the world. 

15. Buy Second Hand:
There are many student groups and social groups that resell products. By buying second hand, you can reduce the waste it takes to create new products and still
fulfill your needs!

16. Turn off Lights:
 Electricity emits greenhouse gases. Get in the habit of turning off lights when you leave a room and turning off electronics that are not in use. Not only 
 will this help to decrease your electricity bills, but it also will save a lot of electricity over time.

 17. Consume Less Meat:
For some people, it’s easier to cut meat out of their diet, while others still love to savor the taste. However, the meat industry contributes a massive 
amount of harm to the environment, emitting 10-40 times more harmful gases into the environment than vegetable production. Cutting down even a little can
have a positive effect.




